NON-DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT

This Agreement governs the disclosure of confidential information by the Disclosing Party to the Receiving Party.

1. Confidential Information
"Confidential Information" means non-public technical and business information disclosed by the Disclosing Party, whether in writing or orally, that is identified as confidential at the time of disclosure or promptly thereafter.

2. Exceptions
The obligations in this Agreement do not apply to information that (a) was already known to the Receiving Party prior to disclosure; (b) is or becomes publicly available through no fault of the Receiving Party; (c) is independently developed by the Receiving Party without use of the Confidential Information; (d) is rightfully received from a third party without restriction; or (e) is required to be disclosed by law or court order, provided prompt notice is given.

3. Obligations of the Receiving Party
The Receiving Party shall not disclose Confidential Information to any third party, and shall limit access to those of its employees and advisors who have a need to know and who are bound by confidentiality obligations no less protective than these.

4. Term
The Receiving Party's obligations shall continue for three (3) years from the Effective Date.

5. Return of Materials
Upon termination or written request, the Receiving Party shall return or destroy all Confidential Information within thirty (30) days.

6. Equitable Relief
The Receiving Party agrees that the Disclosing Party may seek injunctive relief for any breach or threatened breach of this Agreement.

7. No Warranty
All Confidential Information is provided "as is" without warranty of any kind.

8. Governing Law and Jurisdiction
This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of New York, and the parties submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts located in New York County.

9. Assignment
This Agreement may not be assigned by either party without prior written consent.

10. Entire Agreement
This Agreement supersedes all prior agreements relating to its subject matter.
